Once system joined to the domain with proper naming convention, reboot the system. After system 
reboots, update the group policy using ‘gpupdate /force’ command. Once command executed 
successfully, reboot the system once again. After reboot, follow the below procedure. 
For the completion of bitlocker encryption for System Drive (C Drive) 
Please follow below steps. Execute all commands in the steps using Run as Admin command prompt. 
Step 1. 
Create recovery key for C Drive: 
manage-bde.exe -protectors -add C: -recoverypassword 
Step 2. 
Add TPM key for C Drive: 
manage-bde.exe -protectors -add C: -tpm 
Step 3. 
Enable Bitlocker encryption 
manage-bde.exe -on C: -em aes256  
After completion of above command, restart the system.  
Step 4. 
After system restart, first verify the C drive bitlocker encryption status. 
Run below command to check status of bitlocker encryption: 
manage-bde -status C: 
Check for the Percentage Encrypted. Wait for the Percentage Encrypted to be 100% 
Step 5. 
Run below command to fetch numerical password id and backup recovery password to AD 
manage-bde -protectors -get C: 
After that copy ID (along with paranthesis) under numerical password. Use the ID in the following 
command 
manage-bde -protectors -adbackup C: -id <ID> 
It will provide the output message “Recovery information was successfully backed up to Active Directory”



C:\Windows\System32>manage-bde -status C:                                                                               BitLocker Drive Encryption: Configuration Tool version 10.0.26100                                                       Copyright (C) 2013 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.                                                                                                                                                                                  Volume C: []                                                                                                            [OS Volume]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Size:                 237.58 GB                                                                                         BitLocker Version:    2.0                                                                                               Conversion Status:    Fully Encrypted                                                                                   Percentage Encrypted: 100.0%                                                                                            Encryption Method:    AES 256                                                                                           Protection Status:    Protection On                                                                                     Lock Status:          Unlocked                                                                                          Identification Field: Unknown                                                                                           Key Protectors:                                                                                                             Numerical Password                                                                                                      TPM                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             C:\Windows\System32>
